runlog.sh - a personal running log keeper in bash
by tony baldwin 
released according to GPL v. 3
http://wiki.tonybaldwin.me/doku.php/hax/bash/runlog
v. 0.1

Runlog allows you to track the distances, times, and paces, of
your running workouts. 
I found that there are practically no options for training logs
or workout tracking for users of Free Software and GNU/Linux.
Well, now there's one.

Runlog can be used to track cycling, walking, etc., as well,
I suppose.

Installation: run the install script.
It moves stuff into place, creates a config file.
Easy-peasy.

Usage:
runlog - creates a new runlog entry.
runlog e filename - opens log entry with filename for editing.
runlog v filename - opens log entry with filename for viewing.
runlog d filename - delete runlog file with filename.
runlog r - reads all entries (cats all files in the dir, pipes to less), can be limited to date parameters
runlog r yyyymmdd - reads entries from date yyyymmdd. One can specify just yyyymm, or just yyyy, even.
runlog l - lists all runlog entries. Like r, it can be narrowed down with date parameters.
runlog s searchterm - searches for searchterm in run entries.
runlog mo yyyymm - gives a monthly report for month yyyymm 
runlog yr yyyy - gives a yearly report for year yyyy (such as runlog yr 2013)
runlog h - displays this help message.

REPORTS: 
Yearly and monthly reports will give statistics for
Total no. of workouts
Total distance
Total time
Average distance/workout
Average pace
for the time period chosen, to date.
You can run a yearly report at any point in the year,
of course, and receive data up to that point for the year.
Likewise for a month.
You can run the report again, later, and receive updated
data, of course.

Dates: 
use YYYYMMDD, such as 20130504 for May the Fourth, 2013,
or 201206 for June 2012.

TIMES: 
ALWAYS enter the full time, including hours, as in HH:MM:SS,
even for short runs, under an hour.
i.e., for a 45 minute 30 second run, enter
00:45:30
for your runtime.
Otherwise, the math will be all wrong.
I rarely run over an hour, myself, but want to accomodate those who do,
so, the full time parameter is required for the math to work properly.

This is the initial release, and rather rudimentary.
Bear with me (or hack away and submit a push request!)

REDMATRIX POSTING:
Runlog comes with an option to post your run logs to your redmatrix channel.
What is redmatrix? see https://redmatrix.me
See my runlog channel at https://tonybaldwin.info/channel/runlog

NEW 2014.04.15:
Track shoe mileage!
Added a feature where you can track mileage on a pair of shoes.
It is recommended to replace trainers after 350 to 500 miles.

TODO:
Considering adding weight tracking, calorie tracking, possibley blood glucose tracking (author is diabetic).
Also considering a possible gui version.

./tony
http://tonyb.us/runlog
